# RFC 004 Folders

**Feature Name:** Storage

**Type:** feature

**Start Date:** 2020-05-18

**Author:** @rubeniskov, @kelvur

**Standards:**
[Template](https://gist.github.com/michaelcurry/e0132058fcd6d588a1299afd69638df4) [Keywords](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt)

## Summary

The folders used to store the scripts downloaded by the user, their info and aliases of the files.

## Motivation

The scripts should be stored in some way in the device as the info to prevent continuous downloads and processes, we desire this cache to imitate the behavior of the OS. Hence, this cache should be implemented using folders, files and symbolic references.

## Detailed design

We think could be useful had this kind of folder organization:

- `bin`: this folder contains the aliases
- `lib`: this folder contains the code pined by the user
- `ref`: this folder contains info about the code pined

We reserve the use of other folders for future features.

## Folder `bin`

This folders contains the aliases generated by the user, TODO [ADD REFERENCE TO RFC ALIASES]. This folder should be in the `$PATH`, so the OS can find and execute the scripts. TODO [ADD REFERENCE TO RFC ENVIRONMENT VARS]

## Folder `lib`

This folder contains the scripts pined, or downloaded, by the user. This folder may container scripts related to other scripts. TODO [ADD REFERENCE TO RFC HOW STORE SCRIPTS]

## Folder `ref`

This folder contains info about the scripts pined or downloaded by the user.

## Case studies

Golang do something similar with `go get` using `$GOBIN` [go get](https://golang.org/pkg/cmd/go/internal/get/).

## Example

```bash
$LOTPATH/
- bin/
    - camelcase
- lib/
    - camelcase.py
    - update_remote_raspberypi.sh
    - install_docker.sh
    - stop_skynet.py
- ref/
    - camelcase_3954738563874
    - update_remote_raspberrypi_4597649586495
    - install_docker_3593475735974
    - stop_skynet_4094875485423
```

## References
